Sexual Harassment Remover
Version 1.3.0
by JaceyS

====Description====

Presents modular options for removing and/or replacing various instances of sexual harassment aimed at the player character.

v1.1.0 
- Now modular, allowing you to choose which changes you would like in your game.
- Fixed some problems in the dialogue that were caused by overzealous cleaning, and insufficient testing.

v1.1.1
- New options for removing whistles, which can sometimes come across as appraising.

v1.2.0
- Now incorporates options from glittergear's "Less Triggering Morrowind".

v1.3.0
-Two new modules
	SHR - Mabrigash: Descriptions of the mabrigash, and one of the quests related to them, were an oblique reference to the idea of witches stealing mens' semen. This plug-in changes that to a more vague "life force", and removes references to them specifically targeting men.
	SHR - Telvanni Bride: Provides an two alternative paths to completing the Zainab Nerevarine questline that do not require you to bring an enslaved woman to marry the Ashkhan. May also be helpful to abolitionist Nerevarines.

===Installing===
Uses the BAIN format, to facilitate instalation with Wrye Mash or another mod manager, but should be fairly straight forward to install manually.

0 - Merged (Choose only one of these, and if you do so, choose none of the following options, except the MW Rebirth patch)
	Sexual Harassment Remover - Merged.esp
		A merged plugin of all of the changes below, choosing the remover for each category. Does not include the change to MW Rebirth, so also select that if you are using MW Rebirth.

1 - Magicka Absorption Scroll
	SHR - Scroll.ESP
		Install and enable this plugin to rename the "Scroll of Manarape" item.

2 - MW Rebirth Health Absorption Scroll
	SHR - Morrowind Rebirth Scroll.ESP
		Reverts Morrowind Rebirths change of the "Scroll of Red Death". Requires Morrowind Rebirth.

3 - Telvanni Bride
	SHR - Telvanni Bride.ESP
		Adds two alternative paths for completing the Zainab Nerevarine questline that do not require you to bring an enslaved woman to marry the Ashkhan. One of the paths is presented to the player when you seek counsel from the Zainab Wise Woman.

4 - Curio - Hortator - Remover (choose one 'Curio - Hortator' option)
	SHR - Hortator Curio Remover.ESP
		Curio will no longer ask you for a kiss at all. If he likes you, or you are in House Hlaulu, then he asks for only 500 gold, and otherwise 1000 gold.

5 - Curio - Hortator - Reducer (choose one 'Curio - Hortator' option)
	SHR - Hortator Curio Reducer.ESP
		Instead of asking you for a kiss to secure his vote, he will ask you a question about Nerevar and Vivec, making some lewd insinuations about their relationship. You can choose either answer, or offer him 500 gold instead. Only after you become Hortator of House Hlaalu will he ask you for a kiss, and you can decline without consequence.

6 - Curio - House Hlaalu - Remover (choose one 'Curio - House Hlaalu' option)
	SHR - HH Curio Remover.ESP
		Curio does not make any inapropriate request of you, but instead warns you that associating with him might damage your reputation.

7 - Curio - House Hlaalu - Reducer (choose one 'Curio - House Hlaalu' option)
	SHR - HH Curio Reducer.ESP
		Instead of asking you to strip, he asks you to read his erotic play, The Lusty Argonian Maid, and give your opinion. No matter which opinion you give, you can continue with the quest line.

8 - Curio - House Hlaalu - Expander - No Req (choose one 'Curio - House Hlaalu' option)
	SHR - HH Curio Expander No Req.ESP
		Does not change Curio's request that you strip, but allows you tell him no, and continue with the quest line.

9 - Curio - House Hlaalu - Expander - SC Req (choose one 'Curio - House Hlaalu' option)
	SHR - HH Curio Expander SC Req.ESP
		Same as above, but requires a speechcraft skill of 50 to proceed.

10 - Nels Llendo - Remover (choose one 'Nels Llendo' option)
	SHR - Nels Llendo Remover.ESP
		Nels Llendo no longer asks female player characters for a kiss, instead demanding 50 gold, just like he does for male player characters.

11 - Nels Llendo - Expander (choose one 'Nels Llendo' option)
	SHR - Nels Llendo Expander.ESP
		In addition to agreeing to his demand for a kiss, and insulting him, you can now point out that he is behaving in an unromantic fashion. He explains that it was a misunderstanding, and that you are free to go unharmed. Insulting him still does not cause him to attack, though it does reduce his disposition.

12 - Whistles - All (choose one 'Whistles' option)
	SHR - All Whistle Remover.ESP
		Removes all whistling from the idle voice dialogues.

13 - Whistles - Ambiguous (Choose one "Whistles' option)
	SHR - Ambiguous Whistle Remover
		Removes the whistles most likely to be interpretted as appraising, while leaving others, especially the melodic ones.

14 - Molag Bal Epithet - No Epithet (choose one 'Books - Molag Bal Epithet' option)
	SHR - Books - Molag Bal Epithet - No Epithet.ESP
		Removes Molag Bal's epithet (King of Rape). In cases where this is used as to refer to the Daedra, substitutes "Prince".

15 - Molag Bal Epithet - King of Rage (choose one 'Books - Molag Bal Epithet' option)
	SHR - Books - Molag Bal Epithet - King of Rage.ESP
		Changes Molag Bal's epithet from "King of Rape" to "King of Rage", which is found in the book series 2920 (admitedly, likely as a typo).

16 - Anhaedra
	SHR - Anhaedra.ESP
		Install and enable this plugin to change Anhaedra's dialogue, so that he longer threatens to rape the player character's corpse.

17 - Books - Casual Use
	SHR - Books - Casual Use.ESP
		Removes the casual use of the word rape, typically as part of the phrase "rape and pillage", from several books. Also removes the phrase "generally in the nature of rape or magickal seduction," from 'Notes on Racial Phylogeny'.

18 - Books - Sermon 22
	SHR - Books - Sermon 22.ESP
		Truncates a passage from Sermon 22, which has a very explicit description of rape.

19 - Mabrigash
	SHR - Mabrigash.ESP
		Changes descriptions of the mabrigash to remove the reference to them stealing semen, and makes their predation non-sexual.

20 - Hroldar
	SHR - Hroldar.ESP
		Changes Hroldar the Strange's use of the metaphorical phrase "rape of the land".

21 - Molag Bal Vampire Quest
	SHR - Molag Bal Vampire Quest.ESP
		Modifies the voice line and subtitle from when you complete Molag Bal's quest for vampires.

===Future Plans===
A module that lets you ask Curio not to use pet names for you or make comments about your body, and a version that has that be the default.
Additional merged plugins, if there is desire for that.
A separate mod with non-diegetic content warnings on books. Both an ESP version and an MWSE version are planned.

===Thanks===
Thanks to all the people who left nice comments on the initial release.
Thanks to Gavrillo, for suggesting some of the new options that are available.
Thanks to glittergear, the author of Less Triggering Morrowind, for reaching out to me, and asking me to incorporate the changes from their mod into mine.
Thanks to all the people who whinged about the initial release in the comments -- your tears powered this update!